feat: add c implementation for `@stdlib/stats/base/dists/logistic/mgf` (#4360)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/base/dists/logistic/mgf/README.md

<!-- /.examples -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/logistic/mgf.h"
```

#### stdlib_base_dists_logistic_mgf( t, mu, s )

> Returns the mgf for a logistic distribution with value `t`, location `mu` and scale `s`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Evaluates the logarithm of the [moment-generating function][mgf] (MGF) for a [logistic][logistic-distribution] distribution with parameters `mu` (location parameter) and `s` (scale parameter).
```
